I don't like big hotels so we try to
create boutique little hotels around the
world
you know I love creating sort of small
boutique places for people to well for
our family to go and stay and then for
other families to come and stay
I mean I personally never work out of an
office so I always like to work out of
beautiful places I spend quite a lot of
my life traveling the world and this is
one of those very special places tell me
how he found casbah Tama those well yeah
yeah it was working with Richard founded
in 1998 and he was training for the
water air ballooning when he wanted to
do the world - and he found his place
with the mother and Richard you need to
buy it it took seven years to to make
some contraction refurbishment and to
convert these properties private problem
into into hotel so this place is one of
the favorite place of Richard we call it
a reflecting pool in summertime we
organize cocktails and dinner run around
the pool happens Richard come here in
general in general in which it comes
twice a year most of time comes here
early April early spring and late Alton
what's the capacity here for guests we
have the 20 to 27 rooms so more as 5454
guests and they open it up and scroop
book wizardry certain exclusive use but
for two three four nights and then we
can organize big parties we are very
flexible in terms of organizing private
functions what is the the range for the
roofer nine it goes from five thousand
deer arms which here which is about four
hundred four hundred dollars to twelve
thousand deer arms which is about a
thousand five thousand dollars this is a
lovely suite not a large suite but it
has the small Terrace when you're on the
top view you think because the king of
the world yeah on the other side of the
valet to a small village called tongues
heart and some of employees from the
village come to work every day we work
closely with them there's also we have
the Brompton Foundation in the village
it's a purpose of this foundation
to to add the woman Intermountain to
learn a joke them to tune allowed to
speak French and English and this is
Richards mother created this foundation
when Richard Burr moved to Canada people
generally come here to chill you know
twice a week we have one massive big
table so you know people can sit down
and tell their travelling tales and to
meet other people which I think's a nice
touch for a for a place like this I feel
like there's an allure to Morocco up for
rock stars and rolling stones and your
involvement here and even Malcolm for
because you know I had a palace here
they what do you think it is about
Morocco rock has been very open to and
particularly Marrakech to all sorts of
people there's a rich gay community in
Marrakesh there's a lot lot of rock
stars have spent time here the dope that
the rock is famous for its dope and and
this lady fair attitude I think the
people who who you know want to get
stoned here the people are absolutely
delightful women in this reed region
you've got the Berber community that are
you know amongst the most delightful
people you could you could meet how does
this compare to Necker and other resorts
and properties what do you think kind of
sets it apart in your own mind I
wouldn't say it's that too similar to
the other properties that we've got you
would try to get every little detail
right so you know great food wonderful
service and you know make sure it's a
fun place to come to
Oh